Hailing from the hills of Western Massachusetts, Jules Belmont has been playing music ever since he could hold a toy guitar. Jules was constantly surrounded by music as a child, often traveling with his father to gigs and performances, and similarly often slept with a tape player spinning his two favorite records; John Coltrane's A Love Supreme, or Jimi Hendrix's Electric Ladyland.

Jules has toured, performed, and studied throughout much of the United States, and internationally in Cuba, France, and Spain. He has captivated audiences at the famed Havana International Jazz Festival, The Blue Note (NYC), The Mullins Center, The Green River Festival, The Bitter End, Iron Horse Music Hall, and The Grammercy Theatre. He has shared the stage with or opened up for Lupe Fiasco, Michael Franti, Christian McBride, Matt Wilson, Wiz Khalifa, James McCartney, Christine Ohlman, Average White Band, Barefoot Truth, Naia Kete, Gary Smulyan, Brian Auger, Guitar Shorty, Girl Talk, and Glenn Alexander.

Jules began formal study at age 8, beginning with classical piano, eventually switching to alto saxophone, where he began performing in local clubs, restaurants, and school events by the age of 12. Jules then attended Pioneer Valley Performing Arts (PVPA) for high school, and it was there that his talent for his primary instrument, guitar, blossomed. He maintained a rigorous performance schedule throughout his high school years, and eventually found himself performing both nationally and internationally, a schedule which continued into his college years at Sarah Lawrence College, Cuba's national conservatory, ISA, an internship at NYC's Electric Lady Studios, and Spain's Carmen de las Cuevas Flamenco school.

Jules is now a resident of Brooklyn, NY, and finds himself busy playing, producing, and recording. His current projects employ him as a guitarist, tresero (Cuban tres player,) bassist, producer, and composer. He has recently worked on commercial scores for Kraft foods, Nascar, and Exhale to Inhale. Jules also finds himself busy in the studio producing his first recorded original work entitled "Archival," a disc of Poetry/Dub Reggae with Alwin Jones entitled "What Is? Love," and an acoustic folkloric pop disc with his duo Habana Alternativa with Cuban singer/songwriter Victor Rosso. Jules also works as an educator, teaching privately, leading the ensemble program City Jams, and most recently moderated a panel discussion at the Apollo Theatre.
